fix alt info of a picture (#33635)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/cross_browser_testing/testing_strategies/index.md

After the process has completed, you should have a virtual machine running an operating system inside a window on your host computer.

> ![a windows operating system running on a Virtual box machine](virtualbox-running.png)

Reviewer: Thanks - good catch. Further improved
```suggestion
![Screenshot of Windows XP running hosted in Virtual box running on macOS](virtualbox-running.png)
```

> ![Screenshot of Windows XP running hosted in Virtual box running on macOS](virtualbox-running.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of Windows XP, hosted in Virtual box, and running on macOS](virtualbox-running.png)
```
